<img src="assets/ons_cnc_hex.png" width="300" align="right">

# ONS London Coffee & Coding

The aim of the Coffee & Coding meetups is to nurture, enable and encourage a
vibrant, supportive and inclusive coding community at ONS. Coffee & Coding
provides a regular opportunity for people within ONS who are interested in
coding to share skills and knowledge, provide advice and guidance to each other
and generally network and get to know each other.

The format is generally 40 minutes for a presentation and questions to the
presenter/s followed by an informal Code Surgery. The presentations usually take
the form of a demonstration of a tool or technique and/or a show and tell of
work done within the department using these methods. From time to time we will
invite external speakers. The Code Surgery provides the opportunity for people
to pose any coding related queries/ruminations/ideas to the gathered coding
community.

## Our Next Event

#### For a full schedule of future and past talks [see here](SCHEDULE.md).

Our next meet up will be 11:00-12:30 on Thursday 27 Feb 2020 in Meeting Room 8.

```text
Art will be "breaking your brain with - Î» (lambda calculus)". Domain and Range:
How functional programming can make data science easier. For the curious and
technical!
```

## About this repository

A _public_ repository to hold resources and notes from ONS Coffee & Coding
sessions in London. GitHub repository idea and layout lovingly sourced from
[Department for Transport (DfT)'s
repo](https://github.com/departmentfortransport/coffee-and-coding). Interested
in what other Government Departments have coffee and coding? Check out the
[Government RAP
website](https://ukgovdatascience.github.io/rap-website/resource-coffee-and-coding.html).

If you would like to attend the ONS Newport Coffee and Coding please check their
Github repo for more information
https://github.com/datasciencecampus/coffee-and-coding.

Would you like to collaborate or learn more ? Please email
hillary.juma@ons.gov.uk for more information.

Please note _events are restricted to ONS employees_, unless individual approval
has been given. Please note that currently events are going to be held in ONS
London Offices in Pimlico.

## Contributing

Note that resources are _publicly accessible_. When adding new content work on a
branch and submit a pull request.

Folders should adhere to the following conventions:

- `YYYYMMDD_Topic_Name`
- All folders should contain a `README.md` with notes or a brief explanation
